[Music]
as soon as you boot up silverado play it
for a few minutes
it's really hard to believe that it's a
simple homebrew instead of a full-blown
release
sure the visuals are somewhat bland and
simple but it's gameplay is what helps
it stand out it's a side-scrolling
shooter that sees you jumping into a
ship and taking on wave after wave of
enemies with only a handful of options
at your disposal thanks to the tight and
responsive controls
dodging incoming projectiles can be
performed with ease and after some
practice you'll need to get this down as
it isn't long before the entire screen
is full of enemies and incoming shots
that have the potential to stop you dead
in your tracks
one highlight of the experience has to
be the boss encounters which appear at
the end of each stage they are
meticulously designed both visually and
mechanically which
forces the player to study their
patterns and counter with the right
strategy although silver edge is nowhere
near one of the greatest shooters of all
time
for a homebrew game it is well worth
checking out
[Music]
kirak is a psp homebrew that takes a
huge amount of inspiration from the
turak series that first debuted on the
nintendo 64.
it sees players taking on the role of
the fictional brother of the original's
main protagonist who sets off to take
revenge against a group of rogue
militants that have somehow unleashed a
torrent of ruthless dinosaurs upon his
homeland armed with only a tech bow and
a knife to begin with
you set off to unravel the secrets and
true intentions of the invading force
now the entire experience runs on a
modified quake engine and presents all
of the axiom from a first person
perspective and although it's not
impressive by today's standards
seeing the psp pump out the fully 3d
environments and aspects that make it up
is a joy to behold gameplay-wise on the
psp
it does take a bit of patience to get
used to the control setup but thanks to
the fast-paced action and generous
amount of items and weapons you'll find
along the way there is plenty of fun to
be had throughout the single player
campaign
you'll find yourself swimming jumping
and climbing through the varied
environments that all manage to add a
distinct flavor to the on-screen action
if you've never got around to trying it
out on your psp
this one is pretty self-explanatory it's
minecraft but on the psp
obviously it never got the chance it's
never been a vegetable now
i'm running on sony's first handheld is
pretty cool naturally it's a pretty
bare-bones version of the game when
compared to the latest release but it
does pack in a survival and creative
mode as well as a ton of items that can
be used within the world
i won't waste your time and sit here
explaining what minecraft is as most who
are watching are bound to already have a
pretty good idea of what the game is all
about so if you're looking to play it on
the psp
it is possible and thanks to the work of
the developers behind it it's a pretty
good version as well
beats of rage is much uncommon with the
popular streets of rage series from the
early 90s
if you're at all familiar with the
franchise you will instantly feel right
at home with boa
it's a side-scrolling beat-em-up that
allows the player to choose from one of
three characters who reach possess their
own slight differences during play by
default each of them can execute a four
hit combo and a jumper tank that can
tape out enemies but these aren't the
only options at your disposal
simply by walking into an enemy you can
initiate a grapple that gives you three
different types of hold attacks or a
throw that can affect enemies in the
surrounding area
complementing these basic attacks are a
selection of special moves that help
even the playing field in tight
situations the first
requires a pretty risky charger that
leaves you vulnerable but pays off with
the range of its execution whilst the
second grants you a brief period of
invincibility whilst sacrificing a
portion of your health
all of the mechanics come together to
present an extremely well balanced and
rewarding gameplay experience that fans
of the genre will instantly falling in
love with
doom is one of those classic series that
always seems to be one of the first
games to get ported to a machine once
homebrew is being unlocked the psp is no
different with the first
and second game making an appearance on
the system thanks to the passionate
developers in the community now doom
needs no introduction as most players
are bound to have already played it and
will know what to expect
it's basically a first person shooter
with a huge emphasis upon speed and
gameplay that plays a major role
throughout the entire series
a wide selection of both weapons and
items allow the gameplay to flourish and
unlock
many different strategies when it comes
to dealing with the onslaught of enemies
that have thrown your way
now the psp port runs surprisingly well
naturally the control can be a bit
trippy at first but after some time with
the game you'll be ripping and tearing
in style
doom is an absolute blast so if you've
just modded your psp it well and truly
deserves a go
zelda return of the hylian is a home
brew that carries on the story
after the events of a link to the past
it shares much uncommon with the game
that clearly inspired it right from the
visuals down to the minute to minute
gameplay but don't let the somewhat
uninspired presentation for you is the
return of the hylian is a surprisingly
good zelda homebrew that packs a real
punch as the player you take on the role
of link
and they're tasked with once again
banishing gannon from the world who has
managed to reappear and carry out his
plans
at your side you have the usual
assortment of weapons and items ranging
from the master sword and bombs to the
boomerang and hookshot that all have a
role to play throughout the adventure
thanks to a pretty robust scoring system
that keeps track of your progress
throughout the course of the game there
are three separate ranks to achieve upon
completion which really helps promote
subsequent playthroughs for those who
want to see it all if you're a fan of
the series return of the hylian is an
absolute must
cave story shares much in common with
the likes of metroid and the various
other types of games that take
inspiration from it because of this you
can expect the usual backtracking
level grinding powering up weapons and
figuring out what the hell you were
supposed to do in order to progress but
what cave story adds into the mix is a
fun factor often missing that makes
these mundane tasks all the more
enjoyable
although the visuals are extremely
simple in their appearance don't let it
detract from what cave story gets right
which is mainly its gameplay one minute
you may be taking on a slew of enemies
the next trying to locate a specific
item
then trying to upgrade your weapon when
you find a tough boss at times it can be
frantic and completely unforgiving but
once everything clicks you'll settle
right
in and seal cape's story for what it
truly is
tyrion was originally made by world tree
games production so released in 1995
thanks to epic mega games it eventually
became freeware in 2004 and the graphics
engine was available under an open
license in 2007 for the modern community
to consume it's a vertical shooter with
pretty much standard gameplay but what
helps this stand out is the deep
single-player campaign which revolves
around upgrading and developing your
ship over its duration for our player
you will acquire coins which can be
spent on a wide range of improvements
such as more powerful weapons like
cannons and lasers to items focused on
defense like shields
each have a role to play and only
benefit your chances of survival once
out in the field
once you've exhausted the campaign there
are a selection of extra modes such as
arcade and even a co-op option that
helps pan out the experience but the
real star of the show has to be the
visuals which look
absolutely incredible on the psp each
ship and enemy is hand drawn and lends
the experience a unique identity that
helps it stand out against the other
shooters available on the system
couple this with a catchy soundtrack and
what you have is one of the finest
examples the genre has to offer on the
handheld halo revamped was originally a
homebrew for the sega dreamcast a few
years later it was ported to the psp
and it has to be one of the best
homebrew creations on the system it runs
on the same engine that kurak does but
plunges players into the universe of
halo instead
naturally control can be a bit of a pain
at first due to the lack of a second
analog stick but the setup soon becomes
second nature and will see you
traversing
and taking out enemies in no time if you
stick with it there are several modes to
try out with deathmatch being the most
prominent naturally a ton of weapons
make the cut from sniper rifles to
standard pistols that all have their own
advantages when approaching each fight
complementing all of this is the
selection of maps that has continued to
grow throughout the life of the game and
constantly add new and interesting ways
in which to play it although the psp is
no stranger to quality face pace and
shooters halo revamped excels and makes
more of an impact than most retail
released games for the system so if
you're a fan of the genre and are
looking for something new to get into on
the handheld make sure you give it a go
[Music]
super mario war is quite simply one of
the finest fan made mario games ever
created
it's essentially a multiplayer game i
seized up the four players competing to
become the last one standing as you
would expect this can be done in one of
two ways classic stomp plays its role as
well as a wide array of items which
grant players a whole range of ways in
which to take each other on a generous
amount of characters and levels are
available in the stock version of the
game but thanks to the dedicated online
community there is always new skins and
environments being developed which help
the experience from becoming stale
a lot of this work is done through the
level editor which is packed in with the
game allowing players of all types to
create their
own stages from scratch this aspect is a
lot of fun to play around with
especially if none of the extra content
is to your liking well that does it for
today's video
don't forget to hit subscribe if you
enjoyed it and make sure to hit that
notification bell so you'll be
notified of future videos as always
thanks for watching i will catch you
next time
[Music]
you